okay today I'm going to be doing a mono
print for children ages kindergarten
through possibly third grade but mostly
focus and the younger areas like
kindergarten and what you're going to
need is paint finger paint different
colors like fall colors would be good
for this project
red and yellow because you can also take
this opportunity to teach them how to
actually mix colors together and what
I'm going to be using today is a piece
of I'm not exactly sure what is it's
like a cutting mat that you can get from
the dollar store or wherever 50 cents
it's easier you can use different things
whatever you want to do and what they're
going to be doing is actually mixing
right on the piece of plastic so what
you can do also if you want to help them
out is you can also print out a paper
with a design on it if they want to just
get started with that and you can
actually slide it under the Plexiglas or
not or just the piece of plastic
whatever you have matte and they can
actually use that as a guide to to
actually fill in so basically obviously
they're going to use their hands and
just let them you know dip in there and
they can just start they can do whatever
they want on here they can just
experiment slide it all around health
fun with it it's sort of like a sensory
activity to then add some red and they
can begin to see that red and yellow
make orange for fall and then you could
talk about fall colors or just so many
things you could do but anyway they
could just just have fun with it they
don't really have to make anything a
picture that you can recognize so I mean
if you want them to do that you can use
something like that but if not they can
just have fun with the paint and just
mix it I'm sure some of them will try to
they want to make a pumpkin or so
they'll try to make something with your
finger so anyway so you get the color
mixing in here and you get the fun after
you get it all mixed like this you
basically you're going to wipe your
finger off then you take a piece of
paper which you have ready and it could
be any color really I'm going to use
white
and then you just put the paper on top
of the mat and then you press press
press tell them to rub really good all
the way up to the corners for about 10
seconds and then you pull it off and
then you have your print and it's sort
of like magic to them so there you go -
rent